docs: rewrite the React Native Debugger documentation to point toward Expo Devtool plugins (#31730)
expo/expo: docs/pages/debugging/tools.mdx

## React Native Debugger

> > **warning** The React Native Debugger requires Remote JS debugging, which has been deprecated since [React Native 0.73](https://reactnative.dev/docs/other-debugging-methods#remote-javascript-debugging-deprecated).
> > The React Native Debugger is a standalone app that wraps the React DevTools, Redux DevTools, and the Chrome DevTools. Unfortunately, [React Native Debugger requires](https://github.com/jhen0409/react-native-debugger/discussions/774) the deprecated Remote JS debugging workflow and is incompatible with Hermes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **warning** The React Native Debugger requires Remote JS debugging, which has been deprecated since [React Native 0.73](https://reactnative.dev/docs/other-debugging-methods#remote-javascript-debugging-deprecated).

The React Native Debugger is a standalone app that wraps the React DevTools, Redux DevTools, and the Chrome DevTools. Unfortunately, it requires the [deprecated Remote JS debugging workflow](https://github.com/jhen0409/react-native-debugger/discussions/774) and is incompatible with Hermes.
```

The first warning and the second part are repetitive. The second sentence should be an introduction to this paragraph instead of a part of the warning. Also, let's not repeat " React Native Debugger" in every sentence in the same paragraph. This also allows the subject of the last sentence to be linked correctly.

> If you are using Expo **SDK 50** or **later**, you can use the [Expo Devtool plugins](/debugging/devtools-plugins) equivalents to the React Native Debugger.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Expo **SDK 50** or **above**, you can use the [Expo dev tool plugins](/debugging/devtools-plugins) equivalents to the React Native Debugger:
```

- When this sentence ends with a period, as a reader, I'm not sure what to make of the list of items just below it. Let's end with colon to indicate which sections a user needs to look into (as alternatives). 
- Nit: "Expo dev tools plugins" is what we use throughout the documentation.

![CleanShot 2024-09-30 at 18 11 29@2x](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/3b5d3b0b-d4c5-48ee-8cae-b2eec16e2c94)

Author: > When this sentence ends with a period, as a reader, I'm not sure what to make of the list of items just below it. Let's end with colon to indicate which sections a user needs to look into (as alternatives).

Good call

> Nit: "Expo dev tools plugins" is what we use throughout the documentation.

Sorry, I based this on the page title of the documentation page.

Reviewer: no worries at all :)

- [React DevTools](#debugging-with-react-devtools)
- [Redux DevTools](/debugging/devtools-plugins/#redux)
- [Chrome DevTools](#debugging-with-chrome-devtools)

> If you are using Expo **SDK 49** or **earlier**, you can use the React Native Debugger. We'll give a quick look at it here, but check out their [documentation](https://github.com/jhen0409/react-native-debugger#documentation) for a more in-depth look.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Expo SDK 49 or below, you can use the React Native Debugger. This section provides quick get started instructions. For in-depth information, check its [documentation](https://github.com/jhen0409/react-native-debugger#documentation).
```

Improve the readability. We also don't need to use first person voice since the second sentence can be more direct about what this section provides and where to look for more information.
